[bitnami/airflow] Release 23.0.0 (#33141)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/airflow/README.md

## Upgrading

### To 23.0.0

> This major release adds support for Airflow 3 versions. Additionally, previous Airflow 2 images can be deployed by setting the corresponding image parameters. The chart logic will detect which image version you are using and it will generate the required Airflow configuration and Kubernetes objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This major release adds support for Airflow `3.y.z` series. Additionally, previous Airflow `2.y.z` series can be deployed by setting the corresponding image parameters. The chart logic will detect which image version you are using and it will generate the required Airflow configuration and Kubernetes objects.
```

> We recommend following the next procedure in order to upgrade from Airflow 2 to Airflow 3 images:
> 
> - Perform a Helm upgrade with the latest chart logic and the latest Airflow 2.x image version.
> - Follow the recommended steps for the database backup and the DAGs files verification available at the [official "upgrading to Airflow 3" guide](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/installation/upgrading_to_airflow3.html).
> - Perform a Helm upgrade using the Airflow 3.x image.

Reviewer: Add more details:
```suggestion
We recommend following the next procedure in order to upgrade from from `22.y.z` chart version and also upgrade to Airflow `3.y.z` series:

- Upgrade your release (maintaining Airflow `2.y.z` series):

    helm upgrade airflow oci://REGISTRY_NAME/REPOSITORY_NAME/airflow --set image.tag=2

- Follow the recommended steps for the database backup and the DAGs files verification available at the [official "upgrading to Airflow 3" guide](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/installation/upgrading_to_airflow3.html).
- Upgrade your release now using the default Airflow `3.y.z` series:

    helm upgrade airflow oci://REGISTRY_NAME/REPOSITORY_NAME/airflow
```
